# packages in environment at /home/brownd7/share/usr/anaconda-envs/hla-polysolver:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
bzip2                     1.0.6                         3  
ca-certificates           2018.8.24            ha4d7672_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2018.8.24                py27_1    conda-forge
hla-polysolver            1.0.0           pl526he21958b_21    vacation
java-jdk                  7.0.91                        1    bioconda
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 7.2.0                hdf63c60_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              7.2.0                hdf63c60_3    conda-forge
make                      4.2.1             h470a237_1002    conda-forge
mutect                    1.1.6                h77566b4_1    vacation
ncurses                   6.1                  hfc679d8_1    conda-forge
novoalign                 3.09.00              h7311fa2_1    bioconda
openssl                   1.0.2p               h470a237_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.22.0.1                      0    conda-forge
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7043               pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-array-utils          0.5                           0    bioconda
perl-bio-db-sam           1.41                          2    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.6.924                       4    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.161                pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        0.042                         1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-list-util            1.38                 pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-parallel-forkmanager 1.17                          0    bioconda
perl-posix                1.38_03              pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-test-more            1.001002             pl5.22.0_0    bioconda
perl-threaded             5.22.0                       13    bioconda
perl-vcftools-vcf         0.953                         3    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.24                    pl522_1    bioconda
pip                       18.0                     py27_1    conda-forge
python                    2.7.15               h9fef7bc_0    conda-forge
readline                  7.0                  haf1bffa_1    conda-forge
samtools                  0.1.18                        0    bioconda
setuptools                40.2.0                   py27_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.24.0               h2f33b56_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.8                         0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.31.1                   py27_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11               h470a237_3    conda-forge
